Terms of Service

Last updated March 14, 2017

These Terms of Service are part of an agreement between you and ANTON MAKE GAMES. ("AMG" or "us" or "we") regarding your use of AMG's games and related services, which include applications for mobile devices and AMG branded websites (the "Service").
Use of the Service is also governed by AMG’s Privacy Policy, which is incorporated herein by reference.
By accessing or using the Service, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Service and consent to the collection, use and storage of your information as outlined in AMG's Privacy Policy.

Grant of License

AMG grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable limited license to access and use the Service solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the Service for any other purpose.

License Limitations

The licenses granted to you will be revoked and ineffective if you:

• are under age 13 or if you are between the ages of 14 and 17 and have not obtained the consent of your parent or legal guardian;
• use cheats, exploits, or any unauthorized third party software designed to modify or interfere with the Service;
• alter or modify the copyright notices and any other proprietary legends that appear on the Service;
• reverse engineer, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for any underlying software used to provide the Service;
• fail to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms of Service.
Ownership

The Service are copyrighted works owned by AMG. AMG reserves all rights, including without limitation, all intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights, in connection with the Service.
You agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the Service, including without limitation the virtual items appearing or originating in any AMG game.

User Content

User Content means any data that you upload or transmit through the Service.
You retain your rights to any User Content you upload or transmit through the Service. By submitting, posting or uploading User Content on or through the Service, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such User Content in any and all media or distribution methods.
You are entirely responsible for all User Content you submit, post or otherwise transmit via the Service.
AMG assumes no responsibility for the conduct of any user submitting any User Content, and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the Service for inappropriate or illegal content or conduct.

Disclaimer

You agree that use of the Service is at your sole risk and is provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties, so the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify AMG from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of your use or misuse of the Service.

Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy, part of our overall Terms of Service, describes how and when AMG collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Service. We will ask for your consent before collecting or using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.

Information we collect

• Device information. We may collect device-specific information, such as your hardware model, operating system version, device ID (persistent/non-persistent), Media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”)
• Application information. We may collect information about your installation, such us the operating system type and application version number.
• Information you give us. When you contact AMG, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
• Third-party services. We may use third-party services to help us understand the use of our Service, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies, your IP address, browser type, domain name, access times, referring website addresses. AMG may also collect your email address (if you have connected to Facebook, Apple’s Game Center, Google+ or other social networks), and your location (based on your IP address).
This information is gathered to provide general statistics regarding the Sites and/or Games and to enhance your online experience.
Information we don’t collect

AMG does not automatically collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail address, from your visit to the Sites and/or Games

Information we share

We do not share or disclose your private personal information unless necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request.
We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as aggregate usage statistics.

Links to External Sites/Platforms

AMG is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites or platforms such as social networks that may be linked to the AMG Websites or Games. AMG is also not responsible for any information that you share with linked third party websites or platforms. AMG recommends that you refer to each linked third party’s respective privacy policy and practices before disclosing any information.

Malware/Spyware/Viruses

Neither AMG nor the Websites and/or the Games knowingly permit the use of malicious software such as malware, and spyware.

Use of Cookies

The AMG Websites may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, are restricted for use only on the Sites, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time by, among other things, saving your preferences for you and helping AMG to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of the AMG websites may not function properly or may considerably slower.

Children Age 13 and Under

AMG does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use the AMG Sites and/or the Games and we request that you do not submit any personal information including your name, address, telephone number, or email address to the AMG Websites and/or the Games. 
It is important that you understand that AMG may use social networks in the Websites and/or Games to allow users who are 13 years old or older to have fun by exchanging their gameplay events with other users over the age of 13. The Social Networks AMG uses are based on prominent third party social networks, like Facebook, Apple’s Game Center, Google+ and etc. AMG relies on the age restrictions from these networks to make sure only users over the age of 13 can share information. 
If AMG finds that personal information from a child under age thirteen is collected, AMG will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that AMG might have any information from or about children under age thirteen, please contact us at antonmakegames@gmail.com.

Future Policy Changes

AMG will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and user feedback. AMG encourages you to periodically review this Policy to be informed of how AMG is protecting your information.

Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using the AMG Sites and/or the Games you accept the policies and restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy and are bound by any future revisions to it. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the AMG Sites and/or the Games.